Now let's summarize this module.
We learned the importance of initiative work management.
In fact 89% of high-performing organizations use portfolio
management as a means to support their initiatives.
We learn the importance of the PMO.
The Portfolio Management Office.
That it is critical to establish an organizational structure,
the PMO,
that acts as the initiative process owner and the stewards
of the company's strategic investments.
We discussed the goal of having governance and it's to ensure and
enhance the prosperity and viability of an organization,
which includes of course maximizing the investment value.
I showed you an example of a portfolio management workflow.
Showing how we engage senior management,
identify business initiatives and create our portfolio of initiatives,
programs and projects, to support the company's long term strategies.
We talked about designing portfolios and in this course I have
shown that a portfolio is a collection of programs,
operations and projects in support of one or more initiatives,
but out in the real world the term portfolio may contain different
components towards potentially lesser goals.
Also we talked about how programs support portfolio outcomes.
Programs exist in order to focus resources that will enable broader
business benefits and objectives and we showed you an example of an
organizational structure of a program.
Lastly keep it lean.
This does not need nor should it be bureaucratic.
Okay,
in the next module we will completely summarize our
course and cover the key learning points. See you there.